# About-Me
This code was made by both Ana Ortega and Rosie Lara. We started off by having Rosie fork my code so that she could download a copy to her local computer. From there, I was the navigator for my code, while Rosie was the driver(she worked on it on her computer). We worked together to resolve some of the issues I was having with my code(the counter for question 7 was not working how I wanted it to). We managed to get it working after going through it together and explaining to each other why we thought certain things would work. After a lot of trail and error, it worked! She added the changes to github by a-c-p, and followed it by a pull request. I accepted the pull request, so that I could have the updated code on my computer and continue to work on improving it.

# About-Me
## This code was made by both Ana Ortega and Rosie Lara. We started off by having Rosie fork my code so that she could download a copy to her local computer. From there, I was the navigator for my code, while Rosie was the driver(she worked on it on her computer). We worked together to resolve some of the issues I was having with my code(the counter for question 7 was not working how I wanted it to). We managed to get it working after going through it together and explaining to each other why we thought certain things would work. After a lot of trail and error, it worked! She added the changes to github by a-c-p, and followed it by a pull request. I accepted the pull request, so that I could have the updated code on my computer and continue to work on improving it.
